PROFESSOR? HELLO?
IT'S ME... LAZAR!
I KNOW YOU'RE
IN HERE. WE NEED
YOUR HELP
WITH
THE NEXT DUEL.
YOU EVER THINK
ABOUT REDECORATING,
MAYBE SOME
TRACK LIGHTING?
THE DARKNESS HELPS
WITH MY PREPARATION.
AND AS A FAITHFUL
SERVANT OF ILIASTER,
I KNOW THE DARKNESS CAN
ONLY BE ILLUMINATED
BY THE DRAGON STAR.
HOW MAY I BE OF SERVICE?
I'M SO GLAD
THAT YOU ASKED.
DIRECTOR GOODWIN
NEEDS YOUR
HYPNOTIC POWERS
TO TAP INTO
THE MIND OF
A POSSIBLE SIGNER.
HE THANKS YOU
FOR THROWING
YOUR FIRST DUEL
TO END UP IN
THE LOSER'S BRACKET,
BUT NOW HE NEEDS
YOU TO PERFORM.
WHOM SHALL I DUEL?
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
[CROWD CHEERS]
YUSEI BEAT HUNTER!
YEAH! LOOKS LIKE
HE'S MOVING ON
TO THE SEMI-FINALS.
OH, MAN! I WISH I
COULD BE DOWN THERE
AND DUEL HIM.
HE'S GOOD. BUT YUSEI
LEARNED HIS BEST MOVES
FROM YOURS TRULY.
OH? AND WHERE
WERE THOSE MOVES
WHEN YOU LOST IN
THE FIRST ROUND?
HUH? HEH HEH.
WAIT! I WAS PLAYING
AS YOU, WHICH MEANS
THAT YOU LOST!
AS FAR AS THE MILLIONS
OF PEOPLE WATCHING,
I DIDN'T LOSE A THING.
THAT'S THE LAST
TIME YOU DUEL AS ME!
Announcer:
WE HAVE A SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
YES. THE RUMORS YOU
HEARD ARE TRUE!
LISTEN UP, FIRST-ROUND
LOSERS!
DON'T HEAD
FOR THE EXITS JUST YET!
REX GOODWIN, OUR MASTER
OF CEREMONIES,
HAS SET UP A LOSER'S BRACKET
FOR THE FIRST ROUND.
THAT MEANS IF YOU LOST,
GRAB YOUR DECK,
BECAUSE YOU MIGHT GET A SECOND
CHANCE TO DUEL AGAIN.
[CROWD CHEERS]
ALL RIGHT! MY FORTUNE
CUP'S NOT OVER YET!
UM, TECHNICALLY...
SAVE YOUR "TECHNICALLY"
FOR THE BLOGS, DEX!
UH, WHAT DEX MEANS IS
MY NAME IS UP THERE.
Yusei, thinking:
WHAT ARE YOU
UP TO, GOODWIN?
YOU'RE NOT
THE TYPE WHO
GIVES SECOND CHANCES
UNLESS YOU'RE
GOING TO GET
SOMETHING OUT OF IT.
[HUMMING]
NOW, JUST YOU WATCH!
I'M GONNA WIN FOR
CERTAIN THIS TIME,
LUNA! HEH HEH.
I NEED YOUR HAIR
BRAIDS THOUGH, OK?
GET YOUR OWN!
COME ON, LUNA!
OH!
NOW TAKE YOUR SEATS.
WE'RE ABOUT TO GIVE
TWO OF THESE DUELISTS
ANOTHER OPPORTUNITY.
FIRST, WE DREW TWO
VERY LUCKY PLAYERS.
AND I ASSURE YOU IT
WAS RANDOM, OK?
AND FIRST UP IS...
EVERYONE'S FAVORITE
GREEN-HAIRED GIRL.
SHE'S FAST, SHE'S FEISTY,
AND SHE HAS TO BE
HOME BEFORE HER BEDTIME.
GIVE IT UP FOR
THE NEXT GENERATION OF
DUELING SUPERSTARS.
LADIES AND GENTLEMAN, I
PRESENT TO YOU MISS LUNA!
HUH?
Yusei:
LUNA'S DUELING?
I'M GUESSING
THEY FINALLY GOT
THE RIGHT KID
FOR THE MATCH, HUH?
YOU KNOW, BY THE END OF
THE DUEL WE HAD,
I DIDN'T THINK THE BOY
WAS HALF BAD.
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE
WHAT HIS SISTER'S GOT.
I CAN'T DUEL!
CAN'T DUEL?
BUT, LUNA,
IT WAS YOUR NAME
ON THAT INVITATION.
YOU BELONG HERE.
BUT I'M HER.
SHE CAN'T GO OUT
THERE AND DUEL!
LEO, I'M AFRAID THAT
THE JIG IS UP, YOUNG MAN.
THE CROWD WANTS
YOUR SISTER.
[CROWD CHANTING "LUNA!"]
I CAN'T! YOU GUYS
DON'T UNDERSTAND.
SOMETHING STRANGE HAPPENS
TO ME WHENEVER I DUEL.
OH, NOT AGAIN!
ARE YOU GONNA START
THAT STUFF
ABOUT DUEL SPIRITS?
YOU'RE GETTING
A LITTLE TOO OLD TO
PLAY MAKE BELIEVE.
IT'S NOT MAKE BELIEVE.
AND IF THE ONLY WAY
TO PROVE IT IS
BY GOING OUT THERE,
WELL, THEN I GUESS
I'LL HAVE TO GO
OUT THERE AND DUEL.
OK, BUT IF
YOU WIN, I GET
TO BE YOU
FOR THE NEXT
ROUND!
WOW. THANKS FOR
YOUR SUPPORT, LEO.
[CROWD CHEERS]
GOOD LUCK, LUNA!
NOW, LEO, WHAT'S THIS
ABOUT YOUR SISTER HEARING
DUEL SPIRITS?
OH, IT'S NOTHING.
YOU SURE?
MM-HMM. SHE
ALWAYS DOES THIS!
WE'LL BE DUELING,
AND THEN SHE'S
ALL, LIKE, THIS:
[IMITATING LUNA]
"I FEEL FUNNY.
HEAR THAT?
IT'S DUEL SPIRITS!"
[REGULAR VOICE]
SHE'S JUST AFRAID
I'LL BEAT HER.
I'VE SEEN SOME
WEIRD STUFF AND...
OH, COME ON!
IF THAT WERE
TRUE THEN, WELL,
I DON'T KNOW,
BUT LUNA WOULD
BE A WHOLE LOT
MORE IMPORTANT
THAN SHE IS!
SO TELL ME WHY
YOU THINK SHE'S
A SIGNER, GOODWIN.
WELL, FOR STARTERS,
THE D-TECTOR PICKED
HER OUT OF THE CROWD.
TRUST ME.
SHE'S A LOT MORE IMPORTANT
THAN ANYONE KNOWS,
EVEN HER OWN BROTHER.
ONCE SHE DUELS
THE PROFESSOR,
THEN WE'LL KNOW
WITHOUT A DOUBT.
LET'S SEE IF ZIGZIX
IS READY TO MONITOR HER.
♪ GOIN' FAST MAKES
ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEARTBEAT'S... ♪
HUH? OH, DIRECTOR!
ZIGZIX REPORTING
FOR DUTY, SIR!
JUST LOOK AT THIS!
IF THE NEEDLE
EXCEEDS THIS
YELLOW SECTION,
THERE'S NO DOUBT
OUR LITTLE LUNA
IS A SIGNER!
AND MORE SIGNERS MEAN
MORE ENERGY.
MORE ENERGY
MEANS MORE ENER-D.
AND THEN WE'LL
HAVE ENOUGH TO...
HE REALLY NEEDS
TO GET OUT MORE.
NOW, THERE'S
ANOTHER REASON THAT
WE'VE BEEN STUDYING
THIS LITTLE GIRL.
EIGHT YEARS AGO,
SHE WAS ADMITTED
TO A SPECIAL
HOSPITAL, SAYING
THAT SHE COULD HEAR
DUEL SPIRIT VOICES.
SO SHE HAS QUITE
THE IMAGINATION.
IT'S A LITTLE MORE
COMPLICATED THAN THAT.
JACK, SHE WAS
A DUELING PRODIGY,
AND BEATING OUR
GREATEST PROFESSIONALS
AT THE AGE OF 3.
THEN ONE DAY, SHE SUDDENLY
COLLAPSED DURING A DUEL
AND FELL INTO A COMA.
NO ONE KNOWS WHY,
NOT EVEN THE BEST
DOCTORS.
IN FACT, THERE WAS ONLY
ONE PERSON WHO BELIEVED
THAT SHE'D
WAKE UP AGAIN,
AND THAT WAS HER
TWIN BROTHER LEO.
AND THEN FOR
NO APPARENT REASON,
SHE WOKE UP HEALTHY
A MONTH LATER.
THAT'S
A GREAT MOVIE OF
THE WEEK, GOODWIN,
BUT WHO CARES?
YOU SHOULD CARE,
MR. ATLAS.
WHAT GOT
OUR ATTENTION
WAS WHAT SHE SAID
WHEN SHE WOKE UP.
SHE SAID THAT SHE
WASN'T ASLEEP.
SHE SAID SHE SPENT
THAT ENTIRE MONTH
IN THE DUEL MONSTERS
SPIRIT WORLD.
AND I'M A BLUE-EYES
WHITE DRAGON.
COME ON, NOW.
FUNNY. BUT WE HAVE
REASON TO BELIEVE
SHE TOLD THE TRUTH.
FOR INSTANCE, SHE
KNEW OF THE ANCIENT
DRAGON STAR LEGEND.
IN FACT, SHE KNEW
SOME THINGS THAT
EVEN WE DID NOT...
VITAL CLUES TO
UNLOCKING THE MYSTERY
OF THE PEOPLE
OF THE STARS
AND MORE,
LIKE THE INCREDIBLE POWER
OF THE ANCIENT
CRIMSON DRAGON.
BUT A FEW DAYS
AFTER WAKING,
HER MEMORY BEGAN
TO FADE, LIKE IT
WAS A DREAM.
AND NOW SHE
REMEMBERS NOTHING
OF THE SPIRIT WORLD,
LEAVING US ONE CHOICE:
TO MAKE HER DUEL AND GO
BACK TO THAT WORLD.
ONLY THEN
WILL WE LEARN IF
SHE IS A SIGNER.
AND WITH HER HELP...
WE CAN UNLEASH
THE CRIMSON DRAGON
SO THAT WE CAN SAVE
OUR TROUBLED WORLD.
Announcer:
NOW ENTERING THE ARENA...
THE LITTLE DUELIST WHO COULD,
THE PINT-SIZED PRODIGY, LUNA!
Luna, thinking:
OK, LUNA, NOTHING
TO WORRY ABOUT.
JUST THE BIGGEST DUEL
OF YOUR LIFE
ON NATIONAL TELEVISION.
HUH. I WONDER
IF YUSEI'S WATCHING.
Announcer:
AND NOW, HER OPPONENT...
THE DEAN OF THE DECK,
THE BRAIN OF THE GAME...
THE PROFESSOR!
HE'S GOT A Ph.D. IN PSYCHOLOGY,
HYPNO-LOGY AND DUEL-OLOGY,
SO LUNA BETTER LOOK OUT!
PLEASED TO MEET YOU,
DEAR LUNA.
UM... HI.
I'VE HEARD MANY
THINGS ABOUT YOU.
I'M SURE THIS DUEL WILL
BE QUITE ILLUMINATING
FOR THE BOTH OF US,
DON'T YOU THINK?
Luna, thinking:
DOUBT IT.
[KURIBON CALLS]
HUH? KURIBON!
WHY DON'T YOU
EVER TALK WHEN
LEO'S AROUND?
NOW LET'S GET DUELING!
Announcer: REMEMBER,
ONLY THE WINNER ADVANCES.
THE LOSER IS OUT FOR GOOD.
LET'S DUEL!
LET'S DUEL.
LIKE THE BLOOMING LOTUS,
YOU MAY GO FIRST.
SURE. FINE.
I DRAW...
AND I SUMMON
SUNNY PIXIE
IN DEFENSE MODE.
[SUNNY PIXIE CHUCKLES]
AW. A FAIRY?
THAT'S ADORABLE!
KEEP IT UP, LUNA!
YOUR TURN,
PROFESSOR.
AND I LOOK FORWARD
TO IT. THANK YOU.
I SUMMON A UNIQUE
MONSTER KNOWN AS
SYMMETRY RORSCHACH.
Luna, thinking:
THAT CARD WON'T
LET ME FOCUS.
LUNA, THINK OF
MY RORSCHACH AS
IF IT WERE
A PUDDLE OF RAIN OR
A DROP OF INK IN A LAKE.
LOOK AT IT, AND TELL
ME WHAT YOU SEE.
TELL ME IF IT REMINDS
YOU OF ANYTHING.
LOOK INTO YOUR FEARS,
YOUR DREAMS,
EVEN MEMORIES LOST
LONG AGO.
WHAT DO YOU SEE WHEN
YOU GAZE INTO THE ABYSS?
A FRIEND, PERHAPS?
YOUR FAMILY?
OR MAYBE
A FAR-OFF PLACE,
DIMMING LIKE
THE CANDLE OF TIME.
I...I SEE...
YES, TELL ME, LUNA.
WHAT DO YOU SEE?
I DON'T KNOW.
LOOK CLOSE...
CLOSE...
WHAT DO YOU SEE?
IT'S A CRYSTAL SKULL,
I THINK!
A MOTH.
Leo, thinking:
THIS PROFESSOR'S
A FEW CARDS SHORT
OF A DUEL DECK.
WHAT'S HE DOING
TO LUNA?
Professor:
LOOK CLOSE, LUNA.
CLOSE...
LOOK CLOSELY...
WHAT DO YOU SEE, LUNA?
UM, I SEE...
A FAIRY?
[SCREAMS]
Professor:
WHAT DO YOU SEE?
[LUNA SCREAMING]
LIKE THE CATERPILLAR
WHO SECLUDES
ITSELF IN DARKNESS
BEFORE BECOMING
A BUTTERFLY,
YOU MUST FACE
YOUR FEARS.
YOUR MEMORIES AND LIVE
THROUGH THEM AGAIN.
DO NOT BE SCARED.
BUT I'M AFRAID.
YOU MUST BE BRAVE
ENOUGH TO RELIVE
WHAT HAPPENED
MANY YEARS AGO.
I KNOW YOU HAVE
GREAT POWER, DEAR LUNA.
I KNOW THAT YOU HEAR
THE DUEL SPIRITS.
THE OTHERS MAY NOT
BELIEVE YOU, BUT I DO.
I'LL HELP YOU RETURN
TO THAT PLACE...
THE DUEL MONSTERS
SPIRIT WORLD.
YES, IT WAS ALL REAL
AND NOT SOME FIGMENT OF
YOUR IMAGINATION, LUNA.
I'M...
I'M STARTING
TO REMEMBER,
PROFESSOR.
I KNOW YOU ARE.
BUT FOR OUR NEXT STEP,
YOU NEED TO TRUST ME, LUNA.
CAN YOU DO THAT?
I NEED...
I NEED YOU
TO WANT TO RETURN TO
THE DUEL SPIRIT WORLD.
I NEED YOUR PROMISE, LUNA.
I PROMISE, PROFESSOR.
TAKE ME BACK.
VERY GOOD.
NOW FOLLOW
MY INSTRUCTIONS.
WHEN SYMMETRY RORSCHACH
DISPATCHED OF YOUR FAIRY,
ITS SPECIAL
ABILITY CONTINUED.
WOULD YOU KINDLY TURN OVER
THE TOP CARD OF YOUR DECK
AND REVEAL IT?
[KURIBON CALLS]
KURIBON!
THANK YOU FOR
IDENTIFYING YOUR MONSTER.
HE WILL BE MOST HELPFUL
FOR THE NEXT STAGE OF
OUR LITTLE EXPERIMENT.
NOW I NEED YOU
TO THINK BACK
TO THAT SCARY TIME
WHEN YOU WERE
IN YOUR COMA.
TRY TO REMEMBER.
Luna, thinking:
I'VE TRIED BEFORE,
BUT I CAN'T.
THERE'S NOTHING I
REMEMBER FROM IT.
LUNA!
LUNA, WAKE UP!
OHH. I'M REMEMBERING.
LEO, YOU LOOK SICK.
I'M WORRIED
ABOUT LUNA, DEX.
WHAT'S HE DOING?
I PLACE TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN.
IT'S YOUR TURN.
DON'T BE SCARED,
LUNA.
I DRAW...
AND I SUMMON OUT
KURIBON.
Computer: KURIBON IS
A LEVEL ONE LIGHT ATTRIBUTE
FAIRY-TYPE MONSTER
WITH 300 ATTACK POINTS
AND 200 DEFENSE POINTS.
THAT'S PERFECT.
I PLAY MY FACEDOWN.
IT IS KNOWN AS
LIGHT TO THE DEPTHS.
LIKE THE NORTHERN STAR,
THIS LIGHT ILLUMINATES
THE PATH INSIDE OF YOU.
NOW, SEND THE TOP FIVE
CARDS ON YOUR DECK
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
THEN REVEAL THE SIXTH CARD,
ADDING IT YOUR HAND.
AND YOU MUST PLAY
THAT CARD
AS CERTAIN AS
THE PATH OF LIGHT ITSELF,
OR SUFFER 2,000 POINTS
OF DAMAGE.
NOW, THEN,
WHY DON'T WE BEGIN?
LISTEN TO MY VOICE AS
I COUNT THEM OFF.
AND... 1.
PERFECT.
2...
3...
4...
5...
AND 6.
WONDERFUL.
NOW SHOW ME.
WHAT'S THE CARD YOU'RE
HOLDING IN YOUR HAND?
AH. AS I HAD HOPED,
THE FIELD SPELL...
ANCIENT FOREST.
YOU WILL USE IT.
THIS FOREST IS QUITE
A SPECIAL PLACE.
ALL MONSTERS ARE
SWITCHED TO ATTACK MODE,
AND NEITHER OF US
CAN SUMMON OR SWITCH
A MONSTER TO DEFENSE.
EVEN IF YOU WERE TO ATTACK,
YOUR MONSTER
WOULD BE DESTROYED
ONCE THE BATTLE
WAS OVER.
HA HA HA.
SOME SAY THIS FOREST
RESEMBLES
SOMEPLACE ELSE.
FIGHTING FORBIDDEN,
SECRETS REVEALED,
WHY, IT'S JUST LIKE
THE SPIRIT WORLD.
TAKE US THERE NOW.
WE HAVE WORK TO DO.
WHERE AM I?
[FAIRIES LAUGHING]
[LUNA CHUCKLES]
Luna, thinking: KURIBON!
WHERE IS THIS PLACE?
IT LOOKS SO FAMILIAR,
BUT I CAN'T REMEMBER.
[KURIBON CALLS]
I SENSE THAT THIS IS
A SAFE PLACE,
BUT SOMETHING FEELS WRONG.
Professor: EXCELLENT.
LUNA HAS
FINALLY TRAVELED
TO THE SPIRIT WORLD.
NOW I WILL TRULY TEST
HER SIGNER POWERS.
[CHUCKLES]
MY TURN.
AND I'LL BE
ACTIVATING
MY FACEDOWN GESTALT TRAP.
AND THIS PARTICULAR TRAP CARD
WILL EQUIP
ON YOUR LITTLE KURIBON.
LET'S SEE HOW LUNA
DEALS WITH THIS.
NOT ONLY ARE KURIBON'S
ABILITIES CANCELED,
BUT ALL HIS POINTS,
BOTH ATTACK AND DEFENSE,
GO TO ZERO, DEAR LUNA.
[KURIBON CALLS]
KURIBON, WHAT
JUST HAPPENED?!
THE TREES AREN'T
DEAF, BUT THEY ARE MUTE
TO YOUR CRYING PLEAS.
I EQUIP IMMORTAL
HOMEOSTASIS ON KURIBON.
NOW HE CANNOT
BE DESTROYED IN BATTLE.
BUT SADLY
HIS FATE IS WORSE,
FOR NOW HE SERVES
AS THE ARCHITECT
OF YOUR LOSS.
HIS ORIGINAL ATTACK POINTS
HAVE BEEN ALTERED.
AND UNTIL THEY
CAN FINALLY BE
RESTORED, YOU SUFFER.
300 POINTS A ROUND,
MUCH LIKE THE ILL-TEMPERED
DOG WHO BITES YOUR HAND,
WHETHER YOU BRING
FOOD OR FOUL.
NEXT I SACRIFICE
SYMMETRY RORSCHACH.
AND WITH THAT REMOVED,
I CAN SUMMON
IDO THE SUPREME
MAGICAL FORCE.
[GROWLING]
Computer: WHENEVER
THE MONSTER CARD,
IDO THE SUPREME MAGICAL FORCE,
IS DESTROYED,
IT IS RESUMMONED TO YOUR FIELD
AT THE END OF THE TURN.
[CALLS]
DON'T WORRY. HUH?
[GROWLING]
[SCREAMING]
Professor: EVEN THOUGH
IDO WILL BE DESTROYED
IF I ATTACK WITH HIM,
HE STILL RETURNS
TO MY FIELD AT
THE END OF EVERY TURN.
OF COURSE, WITH
HIM SUMMONED, THOUGH,
NO OTHER MONSTERS WILL
BE ALLOWED ON MY FIELD.
A SMALL PRICE TO PAY.
WAKE UP, LUNA!
SHE'S JUST
STANDING THERE!
COULD THIS BE IT?
IS SHE TOO SCARED TO DUEL?
WHAT'S WRONG?
IDO THE SUPREME
MAGICAL FORCE,
ATTACK KURIBON!
AND BRING OUT LUNA'S
MARK OF THE DRAGON.
[KURIBON CALLING]
NO!
OF COURSE,
WITH KURIBON
STILL EQUIPPED
WITH MY LITTLE SPELL,
HE ISN'T DESTROYED
BUT SURVIVES.
AND NEXT ROUND,
HE'LL BE DESTROYED
AND SURVIVE AGAIN
AND AGAIN UNTIL YOU
GIVE ME WHAT I NEED.
THINK, LUNA.
THINK.
THINK ABOUT THE SPIRIT WORLD.
THINK ABOUT WHAT
WAS REVEALED TO YOU.
THINK ABOUT
THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
THINK.
TELL ME ABOUT
THE CRIMSON DRAGON!
NO! THIS WORLD'S
SUPPOSED TO BE
A SAFE PLACE.
YOU CAN'T HARM ME HERE!
BUT... BUT HOW DID
THAT HAPPEN?
DID YOU FORGET ALREADY?
IDO RETURNS TO MY FIELD
WHENEVER IT'S DESTROYED.
HA HA HA.
IT'S YOUR TURN, LUNA.
AND DON'T NEGLECT ALL
THE PROGRESS WE'VE MADE.
I DRAW.
REMEMBER, YOU LOSE
300 POINTS
DUE TO THE EFFECT OF
IMMORTAL HOMEOSTASIS.
PERHAPS THIS WILL
JOG YOUR MEMORY.
[LUNA SCREAMING]
I SUMMON MY MONSTER,
SUNLIGHT UNICORN.
[SUNLIGHT UNICORN NEIGHING]
AND NOW I EQUIP
HORN OF THE UNICORN
ON MY SUNLIGHT
UNICORN.
Professor, thinking:
HOW'S SHE FIGHTING BACK?
WHO'S GIVING
HER STRENGTH?
[MOANS]
OHH.
[NEIGHING]
SUNLIGHT UNICORN?
[FEMALE VOICE]
LUNA. LUNA.
WHO IS IT?
WHO'S OUT THERE?
LUNA, YOU HAVE
FINALLY RETURNED
TO FULFILL YOUR PROMISE.
WHAT PROMISE?
TO PROTECT THE REALM
OF THE DUEL SPIRITS
FROM THE FORCES OF EVIL.
BUT I'M JUST A LITTLE KID!
WHAT CAN I DO?
[FEMALE VOICE]
YOU CAN COME WITH ME.